docs: note EXIF data unsupported in `nativeImage` (#41261)
electron/electron: docs/api/native-image.md

[icons]: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/uxguide/vis-icons

> EXIF meta-data is currently not supported and will not be taken into account during
> image encoding and decoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note

EXIF metadata is currently not supported and will not be taken into account during
image encoding and decoding.

:::
```

Making the call out a little more prominent, and changing spelling to "metadata" without the hyphen so it's more searchable.
